Created by:
	Iosif Dobos, C16735789
	Niall Glynn, C15742685


For this Group Assignment we had to create three programs writen in C language.
	Part 1: Program required to create a "utility" program called readMP3.c that is called by the command line
		specifying the name of the file to analyse. For example:
			C:>read_mp3 mysong.mp3
		The utility is supposed to get some metadata information from the mp3 file by reading the MP3
		audio tag stored in the file, and display rhe following information on the screen
			Title of the song
			Author of the song ( artist )
			Album
			Year
			Genre
		If information are not available from the tag an "Unknown" message would be displayed to the screen

	Part 2: Inventory implementation  written in C language that performs some following instruction:
			1. Add new item
			2. Delete old item
			3. Edit item
			4. Find item
			5. Record inventory
		This program use function for every option in part and also data are stored using array of 				structure. A menu is displayed to the screen from a separate function which allow user to enter an 			option from 1 - 5 and an extra option "exit" is added if user wants to exit the program without 			chosing any other option.
		For the fifth function "Record Inventory" implement an appropriate sorting algorithm based on the 			design of max 200 inventory items and create a file called ITinventory that is used to store the 			sorted items for reference. An additional variable within the file or filename argument will be 			required to date the inventory file.

	Part 3: Queue implementation, using a link list dynamic data structure implement a queue structure IT 				services tiketing system. The system will enable the user to add tickets when IT fix requests are 			recieved via phone. The important information for the system is as follows:
			Name of client:
			Contact number:
			Short description of issue:
			Time of phone call:
		The ticketing system will only allow next ticket in the qeue be processed and the queu has a limit 			of 5 tickets.